# Property-Availability-Rate-Prediction
Commercial properties experienced an unprecedented decline in demand during the second quarter as the Covid-19 pandemic eliminated a large number of business trips and MICE activities. Occupancy rates in most major cities range from 8.6% - 22.6% with commercial properties in Bali being the lowest. Annually, the commercial property market in Bandung and Bali experienced the highest decline because the tourism industry in these cities was significantly affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. Through this research, the author would like to: (1) Compare the performance of commercial property availability rate forecast using Vanilla LSTM, Stacked LSTM and LSTM Window Method and (2) Optimize a forecasting analysis for commercial property availability rate based on the best modeling among Vanilla LSTM, Stacked LSTM and LSTM Window Method.
The main stages of the execution of this study are summarized in the following mechanism: data collection using web scraping techniques, data cleaning & preprocessing, data modeling and data evaluation. This mechanism is used to execute the process of comparing the Vanilla LSTM, Stacked LSTM and LSTM Window Method models to get the best model, as well as to execute the best model optimization.
Based on experiments conducted using the three models, the LSTM Window Method model was obtained with the smallest error performance of 6.03 RMSE. Therefore, we develop an advanced model for the LSTM Window Method. The development of an advanced model for the LSTM Window Method is carried out by combining it with the other best neural network models, namely the Multilayer Perceptron (MLP). As for the experiment, we carried out a sampling of the number of windows that were executed, ranging from 2 to 10. From this experiment, the best model was obtained using 5 windows with the smallest error performance of 4.53 RMSE.
